README.md, before:

# Bitcoin::RPC::Client - Bitcoin Core RPC client as a Perl module

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/whindsx/Bitcoin-RPC-Client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/whindsx/Bitcoin-RPC-Client)
[![CPAN version](https://badge.fury.io/pl/Bitcoin-RPC-Client.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/pl/Bitcoin-RPC-Client)

This module is a pure Perl implementation of the methods that are currently
part of the Bitcoin Core RPC client calls (bitcoin-cli). The method names and
parameters are identical between the Bitcoin Core API and this module. This is
done for consistency so that a developer only has to reference one manual:
https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-reference#rpcs

Currently tested against Bitcoin Core v0.12, v0.13, v0.14 and v0.15 but 
should work with earlier versions.

INSTALL:
   - Source
      - perl Makefile.PL
      - make
      - make test
      - make install

   - cpanm
      - cpanm Bitcoin::RPC::Client
   
   - CPAN shell
      - perl -MCPAN -e shell
      - install Bitcoin::RPC::Client

DEPENDENCIES:
   - Moo
   - JSON::RPC::Client

CAVEATS:
   - Boolean parameters must be passed as JSON::Boolean objects E.g. JSON::true

DONATE:
   - 1Ky49cu7FLcfVmuQEHLa1WjhRiqJU2jHxe

Commit message:

Made mention of other Bitcoin Core forks.

README.md, after:

# Bitcoin::RPC::Client - Bitcoin Core RPC client as a Perl module

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/whindsx/Bitcoin-RPC-Client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/whindsx/Bitcoin-RPC-Client)
[![CPAN version](https://badge.fury.io/pl/Bitcoin-RPC-Client.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/pl/Bitcoin-RPC-Client)

This module is a pure Perl implementation of the methods that are currently
part of the Bitcoin Core RPC client calls (bitcoin-cli). The method names and
parameters are identical between the Bitcoin Core API and this module. This is
done for consistency so that a developer only has to reference one manual:
https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-reference#rpcs

Currently tested against Bitcoin Core v0.12, v0.13, v0.14 and v0.15 but
should work with earlier versions. Also, though not thoroughly tested, this
module will work with other Bitcoin Core forks that have a bitcoind compatible
JSON RPC API. E.g. Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin UASF, Litecoin Core.

INSTALL:
   - Source
      - perl Makefile.PL
      - make
      - make test
      - make install

   - cpanm
      - cpanm Bitcoin::RPC::Client

   - CPAN shell
      - perl -MCPAN -e shell
      - install Bitcoin::RPC::Client

DEPENDENCIES:
   - Moo
   - JSON::RPC::Client

CAVEATS:
   - Boolean parameters must be passed as JSON::Boolean objects E.g. JSON::true

DONATE:
   - 1Ky49cu7FLcfVmuQEHLa1WjhRiqJU2jHxe
